If we have these heroes and those who continue to be heroes, the Great East War will definitely win.
I am here to begin there longed-for military.
I call on all of you, Yomagata Genzu, our samples of ourrev engagement and a great code of defense of Japan,
Along with Ma Koto Ohsuhagro of the Aito
I would like to send my condolences to Non uns Baldale in
and to weekend
The military system of the imperial army in the Great East Japan War is increasingly strengthened, and the
imperial examinations in the Great East Japan War are rapidly becoming more and more powerful.
This system in the Great East Japan War is exactly what controls the mission of the front.
The military system of the imperial army is increasingly strengthened, and the
military system of the imperial army is gradually becoming more and more powerful.
military system of the imperial army is exactly what controls the mission of the front.
The military system of the imperial army is exactly what controls the mission of the front.
The imperial army has been fighting against the enemy's rebellion, and has been
fighting against this for a long time. In addition, it is also supporting the enemy's
rebellion. The imperial army is currently developing a brave strategy in the
direction of China, the direction of the People's Republic of China, and the direction of the Pacific
and is also supporting the enemy's further offensive.
The military system of the imperial army is finally in the Great East Japan War, and the
war that is repeated is increasingly in the same order as the war of the Great East Japan War.